hello youtube today i'm showing you guys
a new all of the money glitch after
update 1.0 point for first thing to you
drive over to Los Santos customs make
sure you have last spawn on and you want
to bring your car that you're wanting to
sell 20 cents with customs park it near
or in the park not just like me when you
do so pause it make sure you have the
option to last location first after you
do that you're sending a car we've GTA
online and go the career when the career
loads up head start and go back to
online and go to invite only session
invite only session confirm
load you should spawn the site your
vehicle outside los santos customs 00
already spun inside of it all right um
let me back out so what's supposed to
happen re Lisl los santos customs
go find a train on vehicle
when you get your random vehicle you
take it into los santos customs you did
not sell it you do it just like the old
car glitch do you know what is I'll show
you
both sides the samples customs what can
the best mechanic in LS do for you go to
sell click it twice do not sell a
complete this go to where it says are
you sure you want to sell vehicle when
you get here you pause it and go to
playstation store when place the store
loads hit circle you should spawn in
your car you're selling if not back
inside of this mod shop and you sell
your you do that process one more time
then you'll be in your car you're trying
to sell so just help them in my car just
to say time
there you go on in my car and trying to
sell take your car doesn't matter what
card is to be honest I'm doing with this
car I have 1 million dollars right now
take your corner go to sell vehicle yes
you sell you pause it go online and go
to squat player when you do that you
just click the player you're already on
and you just go back to the session and
there you go this major so some free
money I was out 1 million and seven
thousand dollars something like that now
i'm at 1 million two hundred ninety
seven thousand dollars so yeah that's
how you do the new quorum of the money
glitch thanks for watching please
subscribe Mike if not sorry for acing
your time